Xu Shaode, your arm is actually healed
Now again.
What do you want?
Huh?
Is this your house?
Why can't I come to your ninth brother?
I really didn't expect you to be so brave
He actually brought a counterfeit to participate in Shoufeng
Humph
Are you really not afraid that your lies will be exposed?
Really?
He actually said that the Lord God is a counterfeit
The Lord God clearly has Jinghong Sword
Yes, could it be that Young Master Xu is going to be fenced again?
As long as more people recognize you as God
SF Express can succeed
God is God
Have you forgotten your lesson the other day?
Flying General and your father
I have already knelt down to worship the Lord God
So what if I was?
Fake is fake
The real Lord God is already dead
You are so deceiving yourself
Not ashamed at all
Brother Jiu, you said
When you are in bed
Are you so shameless?
Brother Xu, I killed you
No idea.
This young master is a blessing in disguise
utilitarian increase
Why do you still want to count me?
Xu Shaode
You are no longer worthy of piece counting.
And I should come out of this world